Remove experemental warning (#265)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-toolchain-manager: Changelog.md

> ## 1.5.2 - Unreleased

Reviewer: 2024-09-05

### Removed

> -   Warning for NCS 2.7 experimental usage with VSCode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Warning for the nRF Connect v2.7.0 experimental support in the nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code extension.
```
